---
layout: post
title: "[Campaign] POP Run"
date: 2022-12-31
tags: [career]
comments: true
author: Dongdong
---

Xiaomi POP Run is a highly successful domestic marketing campaign that has been held several times in China, encouraging users to adopt healthy lifestyles.  In 2021, during the height of the COVID-19 pandemic and lockdown restrictions, I spearheaded a virtual run contest to promote exercise and well-being at home. This online event garnered impressive global participation, attracting over 27,000 users over a three-week period. Building on this success, we organized smaller-scale offline POP Run events in 2022, which were also well-received.

<h3>Achievements</h3>
Xiaomi POP Run 2022 Virtual Event Results:<br>
- Over 1.6 million event landing page views <br>
- Over 880 thousand event landing page visitors <br>
- Over 27 thousand participants from 125 countries/regions <br>
- Over 2.5 million readership of relevant promotional content <br>

And here are some great photos from the global Xiaomi POP Run 2023!
images/poprun/1.png
images/poprun/2.png
images/poprun/3.png

<h3>My Contributions</h3>
- **Creative Planning and Execution**: Developed event concepts, slogans, and plans, leading the project and ensuring successful event execution.
- **Project Management & Collaboration**: Cooperated with various departments (regional marketing, legal, developer, sales) to ensure smooth global/online event launches.
- **Budget Management**: Planned and managed event budgets.
- **Communication Planning & Content Production**: Developed promotional content strategies for various social media platforms (Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, Twitter) and distributed content before, during, and after the events.
